Matrix,Wachowski Brothers,1999,::Keanu Reeves:Laurence Fishburne:Carrie-Anne Moss:Hugo Weaving::,Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. Neo has always questioned his reality but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is contacted by Morpheus a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. Morpheus awakens Neo to the real world: a ravaged wasteland where most of humanity have been captured by a race of machines that live off of the humans' body heat and electrochemical energy and who imprison their minds within an artificial reality known as the Matrix. As a rebel against the machines Neo must return to the Matrix and confront the agents. super-powerful computer programs devoted to snuffing out Neo and the entire human rebellion.,Sci-Fi
Titanic,James Cameron,1997,::Leonardo DiCaprio:Kate Winslet:Billy Zane:Kathy Bates::,A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic.,Drama/Romance
Forrest Gump,Robert Zemeckis,1994,::Tom Hanks: Robin Wright: Gary Sinise: Mykelti Williamson:Sally Field::,Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam finding new friends called Dan and Bubba he wins medals creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet inspires people to jog starts a ping-pong craze creates the smiley writes bumper stickers and songs donates to people and meets the president several times. However this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone.,Drama-Comedy
Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope,George Lucas,1977,::Mark Hamill: Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher: Peter Cushing::,The Imperial Forces under orders from cruel Darth Vader hold Princess Leia hostage in their efforts to quell the rebellion against the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker and Han Solo captain of the Millennium Falcon work together with the companionable droid duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess help the Rebel Alliance and restore freedom and justice to the Galaxy.,Sci-Fi